feat: Update content about seat deduplication mechanism PLUTO-678 (#1829)
codacy/docs: docs/organizations/managing-people.md

    Alternatively, click **Add people using email addresses** to manually enter the list of email addresses of the people you wish to add.

    !!! important
        - To prevent the same person from occupying more than one seat in your organization, make sure your teammates [update the email addresses associated with their Codacy account](../account/emails.md#updating).

>         - **On GitHub and Bitbucket organizations**, Codacy automatically reduces seat duplication when commits are pushed by associating all the commit email addresses from the same Git provider user with a single Codacy committer. This mechanism requires that all developers committing to your private repositories [set their Git email address](../account/emails.md#git-config) and add all their email addresses to their [GitHub account](https://github.com/settings/emails) or [Bitbucket account](https://bitbucket.org/account/settings/email/).

Reviewer: Can we use stronger wording here? "Reduces" implies that it may not work. If we give the correct instructions, it should work. Or am I missing some nuance?

```suggestion
        - **On GitHub and Bitbucket organizations**, Codacy automatically removes duplicate seats when commits are pushed by associating all the commit email addresses from the same Git provider user with a single Codacy committer. This mechanism requires that all developers committing to your private repositories [set their Git email address](../account/emails.md#git-config) and add all their email addresses to their [GitHub account](https://github.com/settings/emails) or [Bitbucket account](https://bitbucket.org/account/settings/email/).
```

Reviewer: Makes sense. We can set the expectations by using a softer verb here. Let's go with "reduces" 👍
